Hahaha
Mom, don't worry.
Now with my strength
They can't threaten us at all
Mom is just worried about you.
Ouch.
What a touching picture of mother kindness and filial piety
Unfortunately, I have already informed Dr. Zhao
He'll be there in three minutes
So you have three minutes.
Think about it.
Do you want to go to the Chinese restaurant group?
Explain your slander of our Jiang family
Miss Jiang
Why are you still unable to hold it?
I already said that.
Your Jiang family and Huacan Group cannot cooperate.
It has nothing to do with me
It's because you offended grandpa
He is the chairperson of Huacan Group
Until when?
You're still talking nonsense here trying to fool us, aren't you?
OK, so
Your adoptive mother's illness will end treatment today
This old thing is dead because of you
I said the one surnamed Zhao
He didn't deserve to treat my mother.
Director Wang of Heisei Hospital
Come to my mother's room
Take over Zhao Ke's job